README.md, before:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

# Project 1: Navigation - Introduction

For this project, you will train an agent to navigate (and collect bananas!) in a large, square world.  

![Trained Agent][image1]

## Observation space
The observation space is continuos and is composed of 37 states; it contains the agent's velocity, along with ray-based perception of objects around agent's forward direction.

## Action space
The action space is composed of 4 actions as per the following:

- **`0`** - move forward.
- **`1`** - move backward.
- **`2`** - turn left.
- **`3`** - turn right.

## Rewards

A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana.  Thus, the goal of your agent is to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.  

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, your agent must get an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes, however this notebook attempts to achieve a score of +15

# Getting Started

1. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

2. Extract the zip folder and place the executable in the `p1_navigation/Banana_Windows_x86_64` folder with the name of `Banana.exe`.

3. Open the terminal and navigate to the `p1_navigation`

4. Execute `pip install -r requirements.txt`, this command will install all the dependencies

5. Start the Jupyter notebook by running the command `jupyter notebook`, a new browser tab/window will open with the running notebook

6. Follow the instructions in `Navigation.ipynb` to get started with training your own agent!

Commit message:

Added Youtube video to Readme

README.md, after:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

# Project 1: Navigation - Introduction

For this project, you will train an agent to navigate (and collect bananas!) in a large, square world.  

Check out the video of the trained agent in action: 
[![Trained agent in action](https://img.youtube.com/vi/FyRS7a_dnK0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyRS7a_dnK0)


## Observation space
The observation space is continuos and is composed of 37 states; it contains the agent's velocity, along with ray-based perception of objects around agent's forward direction.

## Action space
The action space is composed of 4 actions as per the following:

- **`0`** - move forward.
- **`1`** - move backward.
- **`2`** - turn left.
- **`3`** - turn right.

## Rewards

A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana.  Thus, the goal of your agent is to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.  

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, your agent must get an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes, however this notebook attempts to achieve a score of +15

# Getting Started

1. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

2. Extract the zip folder and place the executable in the `p1_navigation/Banana_Windows_x86_64` folder with the name of `Banana.exe`.

3. Open the terminal and navigate to the `p1_navigation`

4. Execute `pip install -r requirements.txt`, this command will install all the dependencies

5. Start the Jupyter notebook by running the command `jupyter notebook`, a new browser tab/window will open with the running notebook

6. Follow the instructions in `Navigation.ipynb` to get started with training your own agent!
